various to-do's:

make radish creation / deletion signal based, remove group injection in dirt tiles
make the box accept thrown radishes

weather system (it should rain for the plants to grow)
rain dance (tony forces rain)
store / items / economy (radishes sold for money or eaten, store offers items)
tony buffs (from eating radishes)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

debug ui
-----------------------
	toggling debug overlay
	debug menu
		it's a bunch of buttons that you can use to enable parts of the debug ui
			e.g. one button toggles hovering the mouse over a tile shows the tile's stats
	console
		copying the console to clipboard? might be useful
		

finishing the prototype
-----------------------
	connect moles somehow with radishes such that radishes will play an animation
	when a mole is trying to take them
			taking needs to emit a signal so that radishes play a blinking animation
			and if that animation goes on long enough, the radishes need to disappear,
			denying the player a harvest
	
	moles need to be set up with a state of "taking" the plant, which
	is probably managed by a parameter so that in harder difficulties, plants
	get taken faster
	
	moles need to be defeated if they are within the shout aoe, they need a
	special animation for leaving, maybe just the reverse of their emergence 

	add the rest of the garden assets and the ui
	
	game manager that keeps track of time of left, how many radishes collected
	etc. it changes the level, and the difficulty over time


change in how spawning works
-----------------------
	there's currently a flaw in the way spawning works. when tony shouts off a mole,
	the radish that mole was trying to get will be safe forever. this is also true,
	of course, for a radish that never triggers a mole. it will never trigger one
	even if it's never picked up by tony.
	
	to correct this, spawning should be based on an event, not on a signal for when
	radishes reach a certain state.
	
	when each radish is made, they should be put in a data structure. then animal
	manager has a global timer that's managed by a spawn_rate parameter. that
	parameter will determine when a spawn request is triggered. we could add some
	variation to this rate as well, by generating a variance value to add or subtract
	to the timer. this might not be necessary though, so we can leave it out at first maybe
	nah let's just do it
	
	when the trigger happens, we will first, just for the sake of more precise
	control over spawning, and to give it more of a natural feel, see if we pass
	the spawn chance threshold. if we do, we can continue with the request
	
	the spawn request will then find a radish target from the data structure
	then it will determine what state it's in
	if it's in a mature state, it's a mole target, so we will call the check 
	adjacent tiles function to find a spawn point for the mole, and yada yada,
	the mole spawns same as always
	
	if tony shouts the mole away, but leaves the radish, it remains in the data
	structure, so it's always still at risk of getting chosen.
	
	only when a radish is picked will it be removed from the data structure. until then, it is always
	at risk of being stolen
